Lucky Zhan 

Week 1
Was in a different class, and had to change so did not complete anything.

Week 2
I joined the Majirical group and got familiar with the team.
I created some User Stories for the novel features in our system. With Talia, we both wrote the research on competitors on the industry and the downsides of their services.
I wrote research on a competitor, me&u, particularly in how their current product is lacking in some ways in which Majirical can improve on. I created the storyboard
for the Kitchenstaff on Figma. We had a meeting on Friday to go over our storyboards, I gave some brief feedback to my teammates, and they did the same for me. 
After the meeting I implemented the feedback to improve my storyboard. I emailed the tutor to confirm whether or not to make the storyboards consistent amongst members, 
and she replied saying it was fine to leave it as is.

Week 3
I implemented the feedback for my storyboard, which included adding arrows and descriptions and modifying the layout to make the 
estimated time feature more promient. We also decided that order ids don't have to be ordered, they only need to be unique, so 
included that aspect in my storyboard.
I allocated story points for the user stories I created on Jira and added references and in-text citations for my part in the 
proposal. I started setting up the coding part for myself on TigerVNC. I cloned the directory but afterwards got stuck because I 
encountered issues with downloading and upgrading packages on TigerVNC. I asked my team to help me, but they have not responded yet, 
so after I finish setting up the packages, I will start coding the backend. We were meant to self-allocate user stories to ourselves, however most of the cards in this
sprint are frontend related, which I don't have experience with. Have asked my team for clarification  on which cards are part of the backend, and once they clarify I
will self-allocate those user stories and start working on those.

Week 4
Finished the proposal! We had to make some last minute changes and additions. We realised we did not do the novel functionality part in the proposal, so I completed that 
part promptly. Also, we realised the storyboards were very hard to read in the exported pdf due to the small font size, so I edited the Kitchenstaff storyboard to make
the text bigger and readable. On top of that, I reviewed the proposal several times to ensure everything was included and of a high standard, so that included making
edits in the wording of everyone's parts and assigning tasks to other team members to fix their parts. For example, I asked to Melody to edit the Manager storyboard to make the text more 
readable, and asked Luis to improve the layout of some of the storyboards and update some of the outdated screenshots. I also asked Luis to add some new cards in Jira to 
better match the objectives and novel functionality, as we realised some of the features we discussed weren't yet covered in the user stories yet. I also did the bibiliography 
and in-text citations for the whole proposal. To do this, I read the resource on Harvard referencing on UNSW, and added the references and citations after receiving everyone's links.
Talia also gave me some feedback on my paragraphs on the novel functionality, which I quickly addressed and fixed. 

Three of us in the team have no  experience with front end, so Prath held a React session with us too. Now that I have some basic understanding of our front end, 
I self-allocated myself the "Select table number" user story, which I will be working on for the rest of this week. If I complete that successfully, I will do more 
user stories. Prath and Luis volunteered to do more of the work this sprint since it is front end heavy, and suggested the rest of us to do more in the later sprints, 
as that is when we will be working on the backend.

Week 5
For Sprint 1, I worked with Talia on the "Request Assistance" button. We got stuck regarding disabling the button, so Prath ended up implementing the disable part.
I made the button popup though. We also had our Demo A and submitted our Retro A. Prath and Luis ended up doing most of the work during Demo A, as the sprint was 
mostly front-end focused. I did work with Talia to produce the Demo script though. I had a lot of clashing commitments such as my full-time job and weekend overtime
at work and assignments from other courses so I was not able to invest as much time in the project this week.
I did basic stuff though such as attend labs, meetings and communicate consistently with the team. I finished a big assignment for my other course, so I will devote
a lot more time in the project in Week 6 and 7 in the leadup to Demo B. Also, since this sprint has a lot more backend stories, I will be able to contribute
a lot more since I have much more experience with backend than frontend.

Week 6
Implemented two user stories - 1. the "My Orders" page and 2. Cancelling orders. I created the front end and back end for the page, so I was pretty pleased with
my work. Initially the card was just to create the button but I ended up making the whole page, and it works pretty well. For the cancelling orders, we just need
to improve it so that you can only cancel before a certain time or while it's still in a certain status, but right now, the basic functionality works.
We had a meeting this week and discussed our plan for Demo B. I helped clarify what still needs to be done and what we should focus on in the lead up to 
Demo B. Also, created a few cards relating to improvements and bug fixes. Still have quite a bit to do regarding Kitchenstaff and Waitstaff stories, but other
teammates have been quite busy and those stories are dependent on them finishing. Will have to wait for them to finish their stories before I can start on those.
We still have a week till Demo B and it's looking fairly smooth so far, have high hope we'll finish our stories by then.

Week 7
Just implemented one other user story myself which was changing the text on the My Orders page. Was meant to do another story to group orders in the My Orders page,
but did not get time to do that due to conflicting deadlines with work and other courses. I wrote the script for Demo B tomorrow though, ended up being 1370 words
because the team implemented 26 user stories. Definitely feel like I should have done more this sprint, but felt like I had way too many deadlines this week so
unfortunately was not able to. Other than that, I participated in team meetings and the basic stuff. So, for the final 3 weeks of this project, I really hope to 
contribute more to the project, to the point where I have contributed as much code as everyone else by the end of it, and have taken time off work to help achieve 
that goal.

Week 8
Finished the grouped orders card and canceling grouped orders card, we also did our Demo B and Retro B. We did a good job and got full marks. Had a bit of a break
from the project to focus on other assignments, but will be devoting more time to the project in the remaining 2 weeks to grind out the codebase and report. In our 
Retro we discussed improvements for our last sprint.

Week 9
This week was a very productive week. Completed 7 user stories this week which I was quite proud of, including coding up most of 
the novel features. I coded the expected wait time feature entirely myself and a large portion of the unavailable ingredient
dynamic pricing functionality. Our team did a really good job this sprint and in total we completed 31 user stories. It has been
a really good week and we planned it pretty well. We had about 4 meetings this week to cover planning for our user stories, demo
and report. We also tested it out on the Lubuntu VM. It was a pain to set it up but I managed to install it on my end. Everyone
is really happy with how it turned out and is prepared for our final demo tomorrow. Everyone has pretty much finished coding so
after our demo tomorrow there probably won't be any changes, so that means we can just focus on our report. 
Everything went according to plan, the only minor hiccup was the Lubuntu installation, which we figured out. I am going to be 
working on the implementation and some of the functionality aspects. Shouldn't be too hard. Am finally relieved that the hard part
is behind us now though. 

Week 10 
My final diary entry! Finished my part for the report and the Peer Assessment. My part for the report was the implementation challenges and the novel
functionality descriptions. For the implementation challenges I asked my teammates for anything they thought was difficult and collated them all in the report.
I am essentially finished with everything I need to do for COMP3900. Just need to proofread my part for the report
and help out the team if they need anything. The codebase is pretty much done now as well. Glad it's finally finished, and once
we submit our report and code tomorrow, I'll officially be done with the course. What a journey. It has been a challenging project, but I have learnt quite a bit,
especially regarding frontend aspects. In the earlier weeks I did feel like I didn't contribute as much as the rest of the team, 
but I feel as though I made up for it towards the end. Time to focus on my other assignments.
